[DOCS-2202] Homere.faivre/synthetics api test timings guide (#11018)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/troubleshooting/_index.md

If you experience issues setting up or configuring Datadog Synthetic Monitoring, use this information to begin troubleshooting. If you continue to have trouble, [contact Datadog's support team][1].

## API tests

> ### Variations in network timings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I'm seeing variations in network timings
```

> If a sudden spike or an overall increase in API test [timing metrics][12] occurs, this usually indicates a bottleneck or delay in the request. See this [guide][13] to get a better understanding of each API test timing and their variations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see a sudden spike or overall increase in your API test [timing metrics][12], this usually indicates a bottleneck or delay in the request. See this guide on [API Test Timings and Variations][13] to learn more.
```

{{< img src="synthetics/fix_user_locator.mp4" alt="Fixing User Locator error" video="true"  width="100%" >}}

> ## API tests

Reviewer 2: Can we put API tests before Browser tests? So that it matches the order we have in the TOC as well

### Variations in network timings

> If a sudden spike or an overall increase in API test [timing metrics][12] occurs, this usually indicates a bottleneck or delay in the request. Please see this [guide][13] to get a better understanding of each API test timing and their variations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a sudden spike or an overall increase in API test [timing metrics][12] occurs, this usually indicates a bottleneck or delay in the request. See this [guide][13] to get a better understanding of each API test timing and their variations.
```
